The estate lawyer told me the will split everything equally between me and my two brothers, but I was the one who'd moved in and taken care of Mom for the last two years. My brothers thanked me and offered me a larger share. I told them the will was fair and
The company offered me the same severance as everyone else on my floor, but I knew the HR manager had made an error in my contract that entitled me to twice as much. I brought it up with HR, but told them to just give me the standard package because
We found twenty thousand dollars in cash stuffed behind the walls when we bought the old house. My wife and I looked at each other and agreed we needed to try to track down the previous owners' family because
My business partner and I had a handshake agreement to split profits fifty-fifty. Even though I'd done most of the work this quarter, I transferred his share on time and told him
The car buyer offered five thousand less than my asking price, and I knew the car had a transmission issue that would cost three thousand to fix. I told him about the issue upfront and adjusted my price because
I inherited my grandmother's jewelry along with her three sisters' shares, which I was supposed to distribute. Looking at the pieces laid out on the table, I carefully boxed up each share and
My coworker was going on maternity leave and her client list would be reassigned. Our manager said to divide it evenly among the remaining four of us. I made sure the split was actually fair, even though I could have
The client accidentally sent me two invoices for the same project and paid both. I called their accounting department immediately and
The insurance settlement was meant to cover my ex-wife's share of the damage too, but the check came to my name. I called her to let her know the money had arrived and
My tenant left early and forfeited his security deposit by contract, but the apartment was in perfect condition. I sent him a full refund anyway because
We won the office pool and my colleague asked me how much my ticket was in for, so she could calculate everyone's shares. I told her the exact amount and waited while she
We split everything equally when we dissolved the partnership, but I was the only one with access to the business accounts. I made sure to disclose the reserve fund and divided it the same way as
The contractor miscounted the materials and sent me three extra boxes of flooring — about eight hundred dollars' worth. He never invoiced me for them, so I called him and
I was in charge of collecting cash from the neighbors for the street party and then buying supplies. There was four hundred left over after everything was paid. I sent everyone a message explaining there was a surplus and asked how they'd like to
At the estate sale, the seller didn't realize the painting she priced at fifty dollars was worth considerably more. I told her what I knew about the piece and suggested she
