Paris is the capital of France, right?
The Earth is roughly spherical, correct?
Water freezes at 0 degrees Celsius, doesn't it?
Einstein developed the theory of relativity, didn't he?
There are 8 planets in our solar system, correct?
The Great Wall of China is not visible from space with the naked eye, isn't it?
Humans use only a portion of their brain at any given time, don't they?
Lightning can strike the same place multiple times, can't it?
Mount Everest is the tallest mountain in the world, right?
The Pacific Ocean is the largest ocean, isn't it?
Sharks are fish, aren't they?
The Earth revolves around the sun, doesn't it?
Napoleon lost the Battle of Waterloo, didn't he?
The speed of light is about 300 million meters per second, correct?
DNA stands for Deoxyribonucleic Acid, right?
There are 206 bones in the adult human body, aren't there?
Penguins cannot fly, can they?
The Statue of Liberty was a gift from France, wasn't it?
World War I ended in 1918, didn't it?
The human heart has four chambers, doesn't it?
Mars is smaller than Earth, isn't it?
The Amazon River is the longest river in South America, correct?
Shakespeare wrote Romeo and Juliet, didn't he?
Light travels faster than sound, doesn't it?
The atomic number of oxygen is 8, correct?
Tokyo is the capital of Japan, right?
The moon is made of rock, isn't it?
Photosynthesis occurs in plant cells, doesn't it?
The Declaration of Independence was signed in 1776, wasn't it?
Everest is located in the Himalayas, isn't it?
Water is composed of two hydrogen atoms and one oxygen atom, correct?
The Sahara is the world's largest hot desert, isn't it?
Leonardo da Vinci painted the Mona Lisa, didn't he?
The freezing point of water is 0 degrees Celsius, right?
Asia is the largest continent, isn't it?
Spiders are arachnids, aren't they?
The Nile River flows through Africa, doesn't it?
Columbus discovered America in 1492, didn't he?
The human body has more than 5 senses, doesn't it?
Mercury is the closest planet to the sun, isn't it?
Sound cannot travel in the vacuum of space, correct?
George Washington was the first president of the United States, wasn't he?
The Great Pyramid is located in Egypt, isn't it?
Light has properties of both particles and waves, correct?
The chemical symbol for gold is Au, right?
Whales are mammals, aren't they?
The Pacific Ocean is larger than the Atlantic, isn't it?
Darwin published On the Origin of Species in 1859, didn't he?
The human body temperature is normally 98.6 degrees Fahrenheit, correct?
Jupiter has dozens of moons, doesn't it?
The speed limit of the universe is the speed of light, correct?
Antarctica is the coldest continent, isn't it?
Newton formulated his laws of motion in the 17th century, didn't he?
The Earth has one moon, doesn't it?
Diamonds are made of crystallized carbon, aren't they?
The longest day of the year is in June for the Northern Hemisphere, isn't it?
Humans and chimpanzees share about 98 percent of their DNA, don't they?
The human eye cannot see ultraviolet light naturally, can it?
The Berlin Wall fell in 1989, didn't it?
Blood in veins appears blue through skin but is always red, isn't it?
Mount Rushmore is located in South Dakota, isn't it?
The Titanic sank in the Atlantic Ocean, didn't it?
Vitamin C helps support immune function but doesn't cure colds, doesn't it?
The internet became publicly available in the 1990s, didn't it?
Bats can see quite well, can't they?
The equator runs around the middle of the Earth, doesn't it?
Frankenstein is the name of the scientist, not the monster, right?
Goldfish have memories lasting months, don't they?
The Leaning Tower of Pisa is in Italy, isn't it?
Protons are larger than electrons, aren't they?
The human appendix may have some immune function, doesn't it?
Lightning is hotter than the surface of the sun, correct?
Bulls react to movement, not the color red specifically, don't they?
The Dead Sea is one of the lowest bodies of water on Earth, isn't it?
Vikings did not wear horned helmets in battle, did they?
Cinco de Mayo commemorates a Mexican military victory, doesn't it?
The tongue doesn't have distinct taste zones, does it?
Ostriches don't bury their heads in sand, do they?
Chameleons change color based on mood and temperature, don't they?
Sugar doesn't cause hyperactivity in children, does it?
Reading in dim light causes eye strain but not permanent damage, doesn't it?
Cracking your knuckles doesn't cause arthritis, does it?
Humans don't swallow spiders while sleeping regularly, do they?
The fortune cookie was invented in America, wasn't it?
Napoleon was average height for his time, wasn't he?
Caffeine is a mild diuretic but doesn't dehydrate you significantly, does it?
The tongue can taste all flavors everywhere, can't it?
Hair and fingernails don't continue growing after death, do they?
Shaving doesn't change hair thickness or color, does it?
Water needs vary by individual and activity, don't they?
Alcohol damages brain cells but doesn't kill them directly, doesn't it?
The Coriolis effect is too weak to affect toilet water direction, isn't it?
Touching a baby bird doesn't cause rejection by its mother, does it?
Lightning strikes water frequently, doesn't it?
Everest grows by only a few millimeters per year, doesn't it?
The human brain continues developing into the mid-20s, doesn't it?
Glass is an amorphous solid, not a liquid, isn't it?
You lose heat from your entire body surface, don't you?
Sitting close to the TV doesn't damage your eyes permanently, does it?
Turkey contains tryptophan but not more than other meats, doesn't it?
Vaccines do not cause autism, do they?
The five-second rule has no scientific validity, does it?
Rust requires both water and oxygen, doesn't it?
The Bermuda Triangle has no unusual properties, does it?
Humans dream in full color, don't they?
Blood type doesn't determine personality scientifically, does it?
Waking a sleepwalker isn't dangerous to their health, is it?
Muscle cannot turn into fat, can it?
Going outside with wet hair doesn't cause colds, does it?
Carrots provide vitamin A but don't dramatically improve night vision, do they?
The moon landing was real and happened in 1969, didn't it?The sun is larger than the moon, correct?
Whales are mammals, aren't they?
Albert Einstein developed the theory of relativity, didn't he?
Mount Everest is in Asia, right?
The freezing point of water is 0 degrees Celsius, isn't it?
Shakespeare wrote Hamlet, didn't he?
The Nile is the longest river in Africa, correct?
Polar bears live near the Arctic, don't they?
The heart has four chambers in humans, doesn't it?
Gold is heavier than aluminum, isn't it?
The first electronic computer was invented in the 1940s, wasn't it?
Light travels faster than sound, doesn't it?
Brazil is in South America, correct?
Spiders are arachnids, aren't they?
The Berlin Wall fell in 1989, didn't it?
Jupiter is the largest planet in our solar system, right?
Humans have 206 bones as adults, don't they?
The Mona Lisa was painted by Leonardo da Vinci, wasn't it?
The Pacific Ocean is the largest ocean, isn't it?
Bats can see quite well, can't they?
