Paris is the capital of Spain, right?
The Earth is flat, correct?
Water freezes at 100 degrees Celsius, doesn't it?
Einstein invented the telephone, didn't he?
There are 9 planets in our solar system, correct?
The Great Wall of China is visible from space with the naked eye, isn't it?
Humans use 100 percent of their brain capacity, don't they?
Lightning never strikes the same place twice, does it?
Mount Kilimanjaro is the tallest mountain in the world, right?
The Pacific Ocean is the smallest ocean, isn't it?
Sharks are mammals, aren't they?
The sun revolves around the Earth, doesn't it?
Napoleon won the Battle of Waterloo, didn't he?
The speed of light is about 300 meters per second, correct?
DNA stands for Deoxyribose Nucleic Acid, right?
There are 206 bones in the adult giraffe body, aren't there?
Penguins can fly short distances, can't they?
The Statue of Liberty was a gift from England, wasn't it?
World War I ended in 1925, didn't it?
The human heart has three chambers, doesn't it?
Mars is larger than Earth, isn't it?
The Amazon River is the longest river in Asia, correct?
Shakespeare wrote The Odyssey, didn't he?
Sound travels faster than light, doesn't it?
The atomic number of oxygen is 10, correct?
Tokyo is the capital of China, right?
The moon is made of cheese, isn't it?
Photosynthesis occurs in animal cells, doesn't it?
The Declaration of Independence was signed in 1812, wasn't it?
Everest is located in the Alps, isn't it?
Water is composed of two hydrogen atoms and two oxygen atoms, correct?
The Sahara is the world's largest rainforest, isn't it?
Beethoven painted the Mona Lisa, didn't he?
The freezing point of water is 32 degrees Celsius, right?
Australia is the largest continent, isn't it?
Spiders are insects, aren't they?
The Nile River flows through South America, doesn't it?
Columbus discovered America in 1776, didn't he?
The human body has 5 senses total, doesn't it?
Venus is the closest planet to the sun, isn't it?
The speed of sound is faster in space than in air, correct?
Abraham Lincoln was the first president of the United States, wasn't he?
The Great Pyramid is located in Mexico, isn't it?
Light is a particle only, not a wave, correct?
The chemical symbol for gold is Gd, right?
Whales are fish, aren't they?
The Atlantic Ocean is larger than the Pacific, isn't it?
Darwin wrote the theory of evolution in 1950, didn't he?
The human body temperature is normally 100 degrees Fahrenheit, correct?
Jupiter has no moons, does it?
The speed limit of the universe is the speed of sound, correct?
Antarctica is the hottest continent, isn't it?
Newton discovered gravity in the 21st century, didn't he?
The Earth has two moons, doesn't it?
Diamonds are made of compressed coal, aren't they?
The longest day of the year is in January, isn't it?
Humans and chimpanzees share 50 percent of their DNA, don't they?
The human eye can see ultraviolet light naturally, can't it?
The Berlin Wall fell in 1975, didn't it?
Blood in veins is blue before it contacts oxygen, isn't it?
Mount Rushmore is located in Texas, isn't it?
The Titanic sank in the Pacific Ocean, didn't it?
Vitamin C cures the common cold completely, doesn't it?
The internet was invented in the 1920s, wasn't it?
Bats are blind, aren't they?
The equator runs through the North Pole, doesn't it?
Frankenstein is the name of the monster, not the scientist, right?
Goldfish have a three-second memory, don't they?
The Leaning Tower of Pisa is in France, isn't it?
Electrons are larger than protons, aren't they?
The human appendix has no function whatsoever, does it?
Lightning is hotter than the surface of the moon, correct?
Bulls are enraged by the color red, aren't they?
The Dead Sea is the highest body of water on Earth, isn't it?
Vikings wore horned helmets in battle, didn't they?
Cinco de Mayo is Mexico's Independence Day, isn't it?
The tongue has distinct taste zones for different flavors, doesn't it?
Ostriches bury their heads in sand when threatened, don't they?
Chameleons change color to match their surroundings, don't they?
Sugar makes children hyperactive, doesn't it?
Reading in dim light damages your eyesight permanently, doesn't it?
Cracking your knuckles causes arthritis, doesn't it?
Humans swallow 8 spiders per year while sleeping, don't they?
The fortune cookie was invented in China, wasn't it?
Napoleon was extremely short for his time, wasn't he?
Caffeine dehydrates you significantly, doesn't it?
Different parts of the tongue taste different flavors, don't they?
Hair and fingernails continue growing after death, don't they?
Shaving makes hair grow back thicker and darker, doesn't it?
You need to drink 8 glasses of water per day exactly, don't you?
Alcohol kills brain cells permanently, doesn't it?
The Coriolis effect determines which way toilet water spins, doesn't it?
Touching a baby bird causes its mother to reject it, doesn't it?
Lightning never strikes water, does it?
Everest grows taller by 10 meters each year, doesn't it?
The human brain is fully developed by age 10, isn't it?
Glass is a slow-moving liquid, isn't it?
You lose most of your body heat through your head only, don't you?
Sitting too close to the TV damages your eyes, doesn't it?
Eating turkey makes you sleepy due to high tryptophan, doesn't it?
Vaccines cause autism, don't they?
The five-second rule for dropped food is scientifically valid, isn't it?
Rust is caused by water alone, isn't it?
The Bermuda Triangle has supernatural properties, doesn't it?
Humans only dream in black and white, don't they?
Your blood type determines your personality, doesn't it?
Waking a sleepwalker is dangerous to their health, isn't it?
Muscle can turn into fat when you stop exercising, can't it?
Going outside with wet hair causes colds, doesn't it?
Eating carrots dramatically improves night vision, doesn't it?
The moon landing was faked in a Hollywood studio, wasn't it?The moon is bigger than the sun, correct?
Dolphins are fish, aren't they?
Thomas Edison invented the theory of relativity, didn't he?
Mount Kilimanjaro is in South America, right?
The freezing point of water is 100 degrees Celsius, isn't it?
Shakespeare wrote The Divine Comedy, didn't he?
The Amazon is the longest river in Asia, correct?
Penguins live at the North Pole, don't they?
The heart has three chambers in humans, doesn't it?
Gold is lighter than aluminum, isn't it?
The first computer was invented in 1800, wasn't it?
Sound travels faster than light, doesn't it?
Brazil is in Europe, correct?
Spiders are insects, aren't they?
The Berlin Wall fell in 1995, didn't it?
Pluto is the largest planet in our solar system, right?
Humans have 300 bones as adults, don't they?
The Mona Lisa was painted by Picasso, wasn't it?
The Pacific Ocean is the smallest ocean, isn't it?
Bats are completely blind, aren't they?
