My sister called me sobbing about her miscarriage. My own throat closed up and my eyes burned and I
My best friend got the Broadway callback and was screaming with joy. Before I knew it I was jumping with her, laughing and shouting and
The old man at the bus stop was crying over a photograph. I sat next to him and my own eyes filled up, my voice broke and I
My coworker told me her mother had stage four cancer and her voice cracked. My chest tightened and my voice cracked too as I
My son ran up beaming after the school play and threw his arms around me. My heart started pounding and a giddiness rose in my chest that
My neighbor's daughter didn't get into any of her colleges and her mom started crying at the mailbox. My stomach dropped the same way it does when I get terrible news and I
The kid on my son's soccer team missed the penalty and crumpled onto the grass sobbing. My own chest caved in and my hands clenched as I
My grandfather was telling me about my grandmother who passed last year and his voice started trembling. My own eyes stung and a heaviness settled in my chest and I
My roommate came home after being laid off and sat staring at the wall. A wave of dread washed through me and I
At the memorial service my uncle couldn't finish his eulogy and his shoulders shook. Tears rolled down my own cheeks and a heaviness filled my chest that
My student told me she'd been sleeping in her car since her family kicked her out. Something inside me crumbled — a pressure built behind my eyes and my throat tightened and I
The new mother in our support group described complications with the baby and her hands were shaking. My own hands started trembling and I
My teammate struck out to end the game and walked back fighting tears. My own stomach dropped and I
After the funeral my cousin finally broke down in the car. Her sobs triggered something in me — my own tears started falling and I
My colleague won the teaching award and her voice cracked during the speech. My own eyes welled up and a warmth spread through my chest and I