My boss called me in and said I was being put on a performance improvement plan. My colleague warned me this was serious. I leaned back in the chair and said, "Sure, I mean,
The plumber said the whole bathroom needed to be gutted — mold in the walls, fifteen grand minimum. My roommate looked pale. I shrugged and said, "Eh, I mean,
My landlord told me the lease wasn't being renewed — I had sixty days to find somewhere new. My girlfriend was upset. I stretched and said, "Sixty days is plenty,
I missed the final cutoff for the fellowship application. My advisor was more stressed about it than I was. I shrugged and said, "Eh, there's always
My car failed inspection — new tires, brakes, and an emissions fix. At least two thousand dollars. My dad shook his head. I waved my hand and said, "Eh,
The bank rejected the loan application for the apartment. My partner was devastated. I scrolled through my phone and said, "There's probably another way to do
They announced the project I'd spent six months on was getting canceled. My colleague looked gutted. I pushed back from my desk and said, "Eh, it's just
My flight got canceled and the next available seat was in two days. The woman next to me at the counter was demanding to speak to a manager. I just said, "Whatever, two days is
I found out my grad school application had missing materials and hadn't been processed. The deadline was yesterday. My mom was frantic. I said, "Okay, I'll just call them and see,
My coworker said the department head had been asking why my numbers were down. I shrugged and said, "Eh, numbers go up and down,
I got a jury summons for a three-week federal trial. My boss looked annoyed. I waved the paper and said, "I mean, could be interesting,
The dentist said I had three cavities and needed a crown. My sister winced when I told her. I shrugged and said, "Eh, at some point you've just got to
They discontinued my prescription and I'd have to switch to something new. My friend was worried about side effects. I shrugged and said, "Eh, I'll try whatever
I found out the apartment I'd put a deposit on had been rented to someone else by mistake. My partner was furious. I said, "Ah well, just have to find
I got waitlisted for the conference I'd been trying to get into for two years. My colleague was sympathetic. I shrugged and said, "Eh, maybe next year, or
My check engine light came on the highway and I had to pull over. My passenger was worried. I popped the hood and said, "Eh, it's probably just
