The Great Wall of China is visible from space, right?
Humans only use 10% of their brain, correct?
Lightning never strikes the same place twice, doesn't it?
We lose most body heat through our heads, right?
Cracking your knuckles causes arthritis, correct?
Different tongue areas taste different flavors, right?
Shaving makes hair grow back thicker, doesn't it?
You need to wait 24 hours before reporting someone missing, correct?
Sugar makes children hyperactive, right?
Toilet water spins opposite directions in each hemisphere, doesn't it?
Einstein failed math in school, correct?
Napoleon was extremely short for his time, right?
Vikings wore horned helmets in battle, didn't they?
Medieval people thought the Earth was flat, right?
Marie Antoinette said "Let them eat cake," didn't she?
Van Gogh cut off his entire ear, correct?
The Pyramids were built by slaves, right?
Columbus proved the Earth was round, didn't he?
Goldfish have a 3-second memory, correct?
Bulls are enraged by the color red, right?
Touching a baby bird will make its mother reject it, correct?
Ostriches bury their heads in sand when scared, don't they?
Bats are completely blind, right?
Lemmings commit mass suicide, correct?
Dogs only see in black and white, don't they?
Sharks can smell a drop of blood from miles away, right?
Daddy longlegs are the most venomous spiders, correct?
Elephants are naturally afraid of mice, aren't they?
You need exactly 8 glasses of water a day, correct?
Cold weather directly causes colds, right?
Reading in dim light damages your eyesight permanently, correct?
You should wait an hour after eating before swimming, right?
Eating carrots dramatically improves night vision, correct?
Waking a sleepwalker is dangerous to them, isn't it?
Hair and nails keep growing after death, correct?
We swallow 8 spiders per year while sleeping, don't we?
Vaccines cause autism in children, right?
MSG is harmful to your health, correct?
Eating late at night causes weight gain, right?
Organic food is always more nutritious, isn't it?
Turkey makes you especially sleepy, correct?
Searing meat seals in the juices, right?
Brown eggs are healthier than white eggs, correct?
You need to detox your body regularly, don't you?
Microwaves destroy nutrients in food, right?
The five-second rule means dropped food is safe, correct?
Alcohol kills brain cells, doesn't it?
Macs can't get viruses, right?
More megapixels always means better photo quality, correct?
Charging your phone overnight damages the battery, doesn't it?
Private browsing makes you completely anonymous, right?
The sun is yellow, correct?
There's a permanently dark side of the moon, right?
Seasons are caused by Earth's distance from the sun, aren't they?
The North Star is the brightest star in the sky, right?
Blood is blue inside your body, isn't it?
You should tilt your head back during a nosebleed, right?
Muscle turns to fat if you stop exercising, correct?
We only have five senses, don't we?
Alcohol warms you up, right?
Antibiotics help fight viral infections, correct?
Natural products can't be harmful, right?
Evolution means survival of the strongest, doesn't it?
Diamonds are made from compressed coal, correct?
Glass is a slow-moving liquid, right?
The full moon affects human behavior, doesn't it?
Fingerprints are completely unique to each person, right?
Water conducts electricity, correct?
Coffee stunts growth in children, doesn't it?
People are either left-brained or right-brained, right?
You can tell if someone's lying by their body language, correct?
Opposites attract in romantic relationships, don't they?
Venting anger helps reduce it, right?
You can learn complex things while sleeping, correct?
Hypnosis can recover accurate memories, doesn't it?
Lie detectors are highly accurate, right?
Your IQ is fixed and unchangeable, correct?
Subliminal advertising is highly effective, isn't it?
The Amazon produces 20% of Earth's oxygen, right?
Mount Everest is the tallest mountain from base to peak, correct?
The Sahara is the world's largest desert, right?
Chameleons change color primarily to camouflage, don't they?
Quicksand can suck you completely under, correct?
Undercover cops must identify themselves if asked, right?
You're entitled to exactly one phone call when arrested, correct?
It's illegal to drive barefoot everywhere, isn't it?
Sign language is universal worldwide, right?
A penny dropped from a skyscraper could kill someone, correct?
Swimming after eating causes dangerous cramps, doesn't it?
Twinkies have infinite shelf life, right?
Going out with wet hair will make you sick, correct?
Bumblebees shouldn't be able to fly according to physics, right?
Chewing gum takes 7 years to digest, correct?
The Salem witch trials burned witches at the stake, didn't they?
Spinach is exceptionally high in iron, right?
Dogs age exactly 7 years for every human year, correct?
George Washington had wooden teeth, didn't he?
Black holes are literally holes in space, right?
Humans evolved from chimpanzees, correct?
We only dream during REM sleep, don't we?
Adding salt makes water boil faster, right?
You can see the Great Pyramid from space, correct?
The forbidden fruit in Eden was an apple, wasn't it?
Ancient Romans used vomitoriums to vomit during feasts, right?
Birds will die if they eat rice at weddings, correct?
Handling toads gives you warts, doesn't it?
You lose most of your body heat through your feet, right?
Milk increases mucus production when you're sick, correct?
Mount Rushmore was carved by one person, wasn't it?
Humans have the same number of neck bones as giraffes, right?
