My sister called to ask if I could give her a ride to her appointment on Tuesday. I checked my calendar and
My best friend told me she'd gotten a callback and asked if I could help her rehearse. I checked my schedule and
The old man at the bus stop asked if the number 42 had come by yet. I checked the app on my phone and
My coworker came back and said her appointment was rescheduled to next Friday. She asked if I could cover her shift and I
My son came up after the play and asked if we could stop for ice cream. I grabbed my keys and
My neighbor's daughter was heading to college next month and her mom asked for dorm supply tips. I thought for a second and
The kid on the soccer team kicked the ball out of bounds during a drill. I watched from the bleachers and checked the time and
My grandfather was telling me about the house he and my grandmother built in 1965. I reached for my coffee and
My roommate came home and set her bag down. She said they were switching project management systems at work. I thought about it and
My uncle stood up at church to read announcements about the potluck next Sunday. I raised my hand to volunteer and
My student came to office hours to ask about the midterm format. I pulled up the syllabus and
The new mother in our group asked if anyone had tips for transitioning to solid foods. I thought about the research I'd read and
My teammate grounded out and jogged back to the dugout. He grabbed his water bottle. I slid over and
After the service my cousin sat in the car checking her phone for directions to the restaurant. I sat next to her and
My colleague finished her presentation on the new curriculum proposal. I jotted down notes about the implementation timeline and
My friend called to catch up and we talked about his weekend trip and the traffic getting back. After we hung up I
The woman on the train was reading a book and occasionally glancing out the window at the passing landscape and I
My brother called to tell me he'd accepted a new job offer and wanted to know if I had questions about the commute and
My daughter came home and dropped her backpack by the door and asked what was for dinner. I checked the fridge and
My friend sat across from me at the coffee shop with his laptop open, running through his presentation slides before the meeting and
