My coworker told me our entire team was being restructured and some of us might get laid off. Everyone was panicking. I felt my stomach clench and I started going through my finances in my head trying to figure out how long I could
My doctor called and said my blood work showed elevated levels and I needed to come in for more tests. My mom was frantic. I sat down because my hands were shaking. I kept thinking about what it could mean and I couldn't stop
Someone scratched the entire side of my car in the parking lot and didn't leave a note. My friend was furious on my behalf. I ran my hand along the scratch and felt sick. That was going to cost hundreds to fix and I kept thinking about how I was going to
My apartment got broken into and they took my laptop and TV. The police were taking a report. My roommate was shaken up and so was I. I kept looking at the empty spaces where my things used to be and I felt violated and angry and I couldn't stop thinking about
My basement flooded during the storm and I lost a bunch of boxes. My wife was upset about the photo albums. I waded through the water feeling sick. Those were irreplaceable. I started pulling boxes out frantically and I couldn't stop thinking about all the memories that were getting
I got rear-ended at a stoplight and the other driver was panicking. I got out and saw the crumpled bumper. My hands were shaking. I was worried about whiplash and how much this was going to cost to fix and I started taking photos of the damage because I was going to
My company lost a major client worth half our revenue. My coworker was panicking and so was I. I sat at my desk staring at the numbers and I felt sick. We had built our entire growth plan around that account. I started going through the projections trying to figure out how we were going to
My ex was telling people I ruined the relationship. My friend told me and I felt my stomach drop. I put my phone down and stared at the wall. It really hurt because I had tried so hard to
The restaurant lost our anniversary reservation. My wife was upset and I stepped forward and told the hostess this was really important to us. We had planned this for weeks. I needed them to find something because I
I showed up to my final exam and realized I'd studied the wrong chapter. My heart sank. This was forty percent of my grade. I felt sick and I kept thinking about what this would do to my GPA and whether I could still
I got a speeding ticket doing twenty over. My girlfriend was worried. I sat in the car staring at the ticket and felt sick. That was going to be at least three hundred dollars and points on my license. I kept thinking about how my insurance would go up and whether I could even afford
The pipe under the sink burst and water was spraying everywhere. I ran over and wrestled with the valve. My heart was racing. The water was getting everywhere and I was worried about the floor damage and how much this was going to
My wallet got stolen at a bar. My friend was trying to calm me down but I was already panicking. I started cancelling credit cards on my phone with shaking hands and I kept thinking about all the things that were in there and how long it was going to
I found out I didn't get into any of my top choice grad schools. My parents were devastated and honestly so was I. I sat at my desk staring at the rejection emails and I felt like years of work had just disappeared. I kept thinking about what I was going to
The mechanic said my car needed a new transmission, three thousand dollars. I felt my stomach drop. I didn't have that kind of money. I sat in the waiting room staring at my phone trying to figure out how I was going to
