Who wrote Romeo and Juliet?
What year was the Mona Lisa painted?
Who composed Beethoven's Fifth Symphony?
What is the name of the main character in Harry Potter?
Who directed Citizen Kane?
What instrument did Mozart primarily play?
Who wrote Pride and Prejudice?
What year did The Beatles form?
Who painted The Starry Night?
What is the longest-running Broadway musical?
Who wrote The Great Gatsby?
What year was Hamlet first performed?
Who directed Psycho?
What instrument has 88 keys?
Who wrote 1984?
What is the name of Sherlock Holmes's assistant?
Who painted the ceiling of the Sistine Chapel?
What year did Elvis Presley die?
Who wrote To Kill a Mockingbird?
What is the highest-grossing film of all time adjusted for inflation?
Who composed The Four Seasons?
What instrument did Jimi Hendrix play?
Who wrote The Catcher in the Rye?
What year was Casablanca released?
Who painted The Last Supper?
What is the name of the phantom in Phantom of the Opera?
Who wrote Lord of the Flies?
What year did Michael Jackson release Thriller?
Who directed The Godfather?
What instrument does a timpanist play?
Who wrote Brave New World?
What is the name of Don Quixote's horse?
Who painted Guernica?
What year was the first Oscar ceremony held?
Who composed Swan Lake?
What instrument did Charlie Parker play?
Who wrote One Hundred Years of Solitude?
What is the name of the ship in Moby Dick?
Who directed Schindler's List?
What year did Bob Dylan win the Nobel Prize?
Who painted The Birth of Venus?
What is the name of Hamlet's uncle?
Who wrote The Old Man and the Sea?
What instrument does a cellist play?
Who composed The Nutcracker?
What year was Gone with the Wind released?
Who painted American Gothic?
What is the name of the monster in Frankenstein?
Who wrote A Tale of Two Cities?
What instrument did Louis Armstrong play?
Who directed Vertigo?
What year did Prince release Purple Rain?
Who painted Water Lilies?
What is the name of the whale in Moby Dick?
Who wrote Wuthering Heights?
What instrument does a violinist play?
Who composed Rhapsody in Blue?
What year was Jaws released?
Who painted The Scream?
What is the name of Othello's wife?
Who wrote Crime and Punishment?
What instrument did John Coltrane play?
Who directed 2001: A Space Odyssey?
What year did Queen release Bohemian Rhapsody?
Who painted Girl with a Pearl Earring?
What is the name of the narrator in The Great Gatsby?
Who wrote Anna Karenina?
What instrument does a pianist play?
Who composed Carmina Burana?
What year was Star Wars first released?
Who painted The Persistence of Memory?
What is the name of the prison in The Count of Monte Cristo?
Who wrote The Brothers Karamazov?
What instrument did Miles Davis play?
Who directed Apocalypse Now?
What year did Led Zeppelin form?
Who painted Nighthawks?
What is the name of Elizabeth Bennet's estate?
Who wrote Don Quixote?
What instrument does a flutist play?
Who composed Bolero?
What year was The Wizard of Oz released?
Who painted The Kiss?
What is the name of the island in Lord of the Flies?
Who wrote Les Miserables?
What instrument did Yo-Yo Ma master?
Who directed Rear Window?
What year did The Rolling Stones form?
Who painted Campbell's Soup Cans?
What is the name of Jay Gatsby's mansion location?
Who wrote Madame Bovary?
What instrument does an oboist play?
Who composed The Rite of Spring?
What year was Singin' in the Rain released?
Who painted No. 5, 1948?
What is the name of Pip's benefactor in Great Expectations?
Who wrote The Sound and the Fury?
What instrument did Ravi Shankar play?
Who directed Chinatown?
What year did ABBA win Eurovision?
